hi everyone its Johanna grant I'm back
again with just a short little video
about how I have made my little
accordion art journals these are just
many art journals that I've made using
mostly Gelli plate prints as well as a
few other products and I thought I would
just show them to you and give you a
quick explanation of how I made these so
they started with just a single piece of
paper in this case for this one I used
some Bristol so just some ordinary
Bristol paper this is 11 by 14 I just
took a piece of it measured it and cut
it down the length evenly in half and
then I took those two pieces to my jelly
plate and did all kinds of layers and
layers and layers of Gelli plate
printing until I was happy with the
results and I did both sides of both of
those halves so I ended up with two
pieces of 11 by 14 paper in a long and
long strips kind of about that length
then what I did and they were printed on
both sides then what I did is I
overlapped I folded them first of all I
folded them accordion style so folded
them in half and then in quarters to
give me four pieces to each half of the
page then I overlapped one of each of
those sections glued them together I
don't know if you can see that on camera
but this is actually an overlap of this
piece and this piece glued it together
with just some white glue and then just
did some decorative washi tape over that
connection that where that Ridge is
where the two pieces meet just to make
it look a little better and that is as
simple little art journal as you can
possibly make it's fun it's a great size
for traveling I love taking art journals
this size with me when I travel because
they travel so well they're so small and
when you think about it those pages
that's a lot of pages that you can fill
with your doodling xand rambling
and doing some mixed-media or collage
art on them and creating truly
one-of-a-kind art journals for yourself
make wonderful little gifts as well for
friends let me show you a couple other
samples I have here of other ones that
are done also with the jelly Plate
printing I created a little tie for
these ones all I did was use from the
dollar store I got some elastic hair
ties and then just used a half-hitch to
put some funky fibers on it for
decoration that's great for holding them
together these are slightly smaller ones
I used just a smaller piece of paper but
again it's exactly the same process
where what I've done is cut the paper
vertically down the length of the paper
exactly in half and then taking it to my
jelly plate and done all kinds of fun
printing on it the only other thing
afterwards that I did after I bound it
was just to take a black ink pad to go
around the edges to darken up the edges
just for a little more drama and
interest there here's another one so
each of these is made with a single
piece of paper and what fun little art
journals again that you could take with
you on your travels that you can give as
a gift to friends truly a unique product
every one of them is going to be truly a
unique little art journal so those
aren't finished but let me show you a
couple that I have actually finished up
and what you can do with them just to
give you some ideas I love to recycle
some of my own art into new art journal
so in this one I've used photocopies of
some of my collage art in this I've also
got some of my zentangle doodles in the
background and all kinds of other
collage elements those who know me know
that I'm a collage artist first and
foremost and I found these little
journals a great place to put little
pieces of things you might have made
that never ever had a home before for
instance this was just a little piece
this BeHappy piece is just a little
piece from practicing my lettering in a
class I took a few years back
here's a tag I made many many years ago
that never had a home but now it does in
this little art journal same with this
lettering be present just another little
practice piece that never had a home I
didn't want to throw it away but now it
has a great spot to live in this little
art journal another tag I made and
another copy of one of my old old
collage pieces from a long time ago on
the other side again more of my copies
of my own collage art some newer pieces
some old pieces but you can see how much
room you have in one of these little
accordion journals for doing some
interesting spreads I've got lots of 3d
elements in here paper flowers some
sparkly doodads great fun
and one more to show you again made the
same way this time with more lettering
and doodling
each one truly unique
and the other side for these ones I was
practicing my lettering doing some
collage and doodles
so I hope you've enjoyed this little
video just to show how you can't you too
can create some interesting little art
journals in this accordion style and I'm
so glad that you joined me today and I
hope I see you again soon thanks for
tuning in